Amazon Sales Channel 4.1.0 (#487)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales-channels/asc/managing-orders.md

---

> You can view your Amazon order information, as received from Amazon, in the _Recent Orders_ section of the [store dashboard]({% link sales-channels/asc/amazon-store-dashboard.md %}) or on the _Amazon orders_ page (also referred to the _All Orders_ view).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view your Amazon order information, as received from Amazon, in the _Recent Orders_ section of the [store dashboard]({% link sales-channels/asc/amazon-store-dashboard.md %}) or on the _Amazon orders_ page (also called the _All Orders_ view).
```

Author: fixed in followup commit
